# Amazon EventBridge

[Amazon EventBridge](https://aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/) is a serverless event bus that makes it easier to build event-driven applications at scale using events generated from your applications, integrated Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) applications, and AWS services.

Route detailed alerts from Amazon EventBridge to the right users in Squadcast.

### Using Amazon EventBridge as an Alert Source

**(1)** From the navigation bar on the left, select **Services**. Pick the applicable **Team** from the Team-picker on the top. Next, click on **Alert Sources** for the applicable Service

**(2)** Search for **Amazon EventBridge** from the Alert Source drop-down and copy the Webhook URL

\{{site.data.alerts.yellow-note-i\}} **Important**\
\


For an Alert Source to turn active (indicated by a **green dot - Receiving alerts** against the name of the Alert Source in the drop-down), you can either generate a test alert or wait for a real-time alert to be generated by the Alert Source.

An Alert Source is active if there is a recorded incident via that Alert Source for the Service in the last 30 days.

\{{site.data.alerts.end\}}

### Create a Squadcast Webhook Connection in Amazon EventBridge

**(1)** Login to your Amazon EventBridge dashboard. Head over to the **API destinations** tab and click on **Connections**. Then click on **Create connection**

**(2)** Fill in the **Connection name**, select **API Key** as Authorization type. Enter **Squadcast** as **API key name** and **true** as **Value**. Then click on **Create**

**(3)** Switch the **API destinations** and click on **Create API destination**

**(4)** Fill in the **Name** and paste the previously copied Squadcast Webhook URL in the placeholder for **API destination endpoint**. Select **POST** as **HTTP method** and under Connection, choose the previously created connection. Then click on **Create**

You can now mention your newly created **API destination** as target under **Rules**.

That's it, you are good to go! Your Amazon EventBridge integration is now complete. Whenever Amazon EventBridge fires an alert, an incident will be created in Squadcast for it.

.btttn:hover{box-shadow: 0 10px 20px 0 rgba(15,97,221,.25); transform: translate(0,-2px);}Ready to try Squadcast?[Start Now For Free!](https://www.squadcast.com/register) [Schedule a Demo](https://calendly.com/renuka-squadcast/30min)
